Updates and link refreshing (#247)
jlevy/og-equity-compensation: README.md

[foreigners](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/nra-withholding) must
[file](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p17.pdf) and pay federal income tax.

> 🔹 In general, federal tax applies to many [kinds of income](https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics).

Author: ```suggestion
🔹 In general, federal tax applies to many [kinds of income](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-publication-525).
```
